[DOCS-6515] Re-structure CSM vulnerabilities setup page (#20319)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/vulnerabilities/_index.md

---
title: Cloud Security Management Vulnerabilities
kind: documentation

> aliases:

Reviewer: Looks like this alias was accidentally removed. We'll want to make sure it's re-added to avoid any broken links.

Author: That's super strange.. Noted , will add those back (there should be 2)

<div class="alert alert-warning">Cloud Security Management is not supported for your selected <a href="/getting_started/site">Datadog site</a> ({{< region-param key="dd_site_name" >}}).</div>
{{< /site-region >}}

## Overview

> Cloud Security Management Vulnerabilities (CSM Vulnerabilities) helps you proactively secure your cloud infrastructure by detecting, prioritizing, and managing vulnerabilities across your container images and hosts. It leverages deep observability context and industry insights to help you remediate vulnerabilities that are most important to you at a given point in time. Details are shown on the CSM [Vulnerability Explorer][1] identifying the context-based severity, affected containers and hosts, and remediation instructions to solve the most impacted infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloud Security Management Vulnerabilities (CSM Vulnerabilities) helps you proactively secure your cloud infrastructure by detecting, prioritizing, and managing vulnerabilities across your container images and hosts. It leverages deep observability context and industry insights to help you remediate vulnerabilities that are most important to you at a given point in time.
```

Author: This conflicts a bit with the PM feedback in the other doc, we can discuss.

**Note**: If you're looking for vulnerability management for your application libraries and custom application code, see [Application Vulnerability Management][5].

## Explore vulnerabilities

> The CSM Vulnerability Explorer shows a complete list of vulnerabilities detected across your infrastructure, ordering them based on their severity, and offering grouping and filtering capabilities so you can investigate and prioritize problems. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Vulnerabilities Explorer][1] shows a complete list of vulnerabilities detected across your infrastructure, ordering them based on their severity, and offering grouping and filtering capabilities so you can investigate and prioritize problems. 
```

Reviewer: For consistency, could we go with the naming convention of "Name of tab" Explorer, in this case Vulnerabilities Explorer? This would help match the pattern I've started using for the other CSM products.

(update screen shot when beta tags are removed)

{{< img src="security/vulnerabilities/CSM_Vulnerabilities.png" alt="The CSM Vulnerability page sorting by unique vulnerabilities" width="100%">}}

## Manage container vulnerabilities

View your container images on the [container images][2] page. 

> Observe the number of vulnerabilities that exist in the container images (column name **vulnerabilities**). Additionally, sort by **source**, **image tag**, **repo digest**, and more.

Reviewer: I feel like the first two sentences here should be combined, in a similar way to what you currently have written for the Explore Vulnerabilities section.

Author: Noted.

{{< img src="security/vulnerabilities/container_images_tab.png" alt="The Container Images tab highlighting vulnerabilities and container column sort feature" width="100%">}}

View additional details about any vulnerability by clicking the container image and reviewing the **Vulnerabilities** tab.

> Select a specific vulnerability to see its details, including which containers and hosts are affected, severity breakdown score, and recommended remediation steps. On the details explorer, you can also view impacted resources in CSM to gain better insights to your overall risk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select a vulnerability to see its details, including which containers and hosts are affected, severity breakdown score, and recommended remediation steps. Click **See Impacted Resources in CSM** to view the resources that are impacted by the vulnerability.
```

Reviewer: If I understand correctly, you're referring to the **See Impacted Resources in CSM** button. I think we should rephrase this sentence to be centered around an action, in this clicking the button to view impacted resources.

Author: Yes that makes more sense thanks!

{{< img src="security/vulnerabilities/container_vulnerability_2.png" alt="Container Images overview page highlighting the vulnerabilities tab" width="100%">}}

Within CSM, the severity of a vulnerability is modified from the base score to take into account the business sensitivity of the environment where the vulnerability is detected. For example, if no production environment is detected, the severity is reduced.

The Datadog Adjusted Vulnerability Score includes the full context of each impacted container or host:

- The original vulnerability severity
- Environment the infrastructure is running in

> - Known public exploit

Reviewer: I feel like this should be a separate section since the score appears in both the Container Images and CSM Vulnerabilities side panels. For example, see the [Track your organization’s health](https://docs.datadoghq.com/security/cloud_security_management#track-your-organizations-health) section in the main CSM doc. Maybe the heading could be "Assess the severity of vulnerabilities" or something along those lines.

Author: Yeah good idea, I've restructured this a lot also based on PM feedback.

> ## Review and remediate

Reviewer: We have an **Explore vulnerabilities** and a **Review and remediate** section. In both cases, they're talking about the Vulnerabilities Explorer. I recommend combining the two sections and renaming it something like **Review and remediate vulnerabilities**.

Author: Yeah.. noted it's a bit duplicated, have moved some things around and removed redundant sections.

View a consolidated list of vulnerabilities on the [Vulnerabilities][1] page in [Cloud Security Management][3]. Prioritize them for remediation using available facets, such as context-based **severity**, **resource type**, and **library**.</br>

The vulnerabilities explorer also offers remediation recommendations for detected vulnerabilities that enable you to change the status of a vulnerability, and assign it to a team for further review. It also includes a collection of links and references to websites or information sources that help you understand the context behind each vulnerability.

> **Note**: CSM vulnerabilities are auto-closed for infrastructure that is either no longer running, or contains the remediation to the vulnerability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: Vulnerabilities are automatically closed for infrastructure that is no longer running, or for which the underlying vulnerability has been remediated.
```

Author: We are removing this whole section

{{< img src="security/vulnerabilities/CSM_vulnerabilities_assign_team.png" alt="CSM vulnerabilities explorer page highlighting the assign a team option" width="100%">}}

[1]: https://app.datadoghq.com/security/infra-vulnerability
[2]: https://app.datadoghq.com/containers/images
[3]: https://app.datadoghq.com/security/csm
[4]: https://app.datadoghq.com/security/infra-vulnerability?query=asset_type%3AHost&group=none
[5]: /security/application_security/vulnerability_management/

> [6]: https://app.datadoghq.com/security/issues
> [7]: /security/misconfigurations/
> [8]: /security/identity_risks/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: I'm not seeing these links being reference anywhere, so I think we can go ahead and remove them.

<div class="alert alert-warning">Cloud Security Management is not supported for your selected <a href="/getting_started/site">Datadog site</a> ({{< region-param key="dd_site_name" >}}).</div>
{{< /site-region >}}

## Overview

Cloud Security Management Vulnerabilities (CSM Vulnerabilities) helps you proactively secure your cloud infrastructure by detecting, prioritizing, and managing vulnerabilities across your container images and hosts. It leverages deep [observability context][6] and industry insights to help you remediate vulnerabilities that are most important to you at a given point in time. 

**Note**: If you're looking for vulnerability management for your application libraries and custom application code, see [Application Vulnerability Management][5].

## Explore vulnerabilities

> The [Vulnerability Explorer][1] shows a complete list of vulnerabilities detected across your infrastructure, ordering them based on their severity, offering grouping, filtering, and triaging capabilities so you can investigate, assign, and remediate problems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Vulnerabilities Explorer][1] shows a complete list of vulnerabilities detected across your infrastructure, ordering them based on their severity, offering grouping, filtering, and triaging capabilities so you can investigate, assign, and remediate problems.
```

{{< img src="security/vulnerabilities/container_vulnerability_3.png" alt="Details of a specific vulnerability, highlighting next steps and severity breakdown" width="100%">}}

You can also view vulnerabilities in your container images on the [container images][2] page. Observe the number of vulnerabilities that exist in your container images. Additionally sort by **source**, **image tag**, **repo digest**, and more. View additional details about any vulnerability by clicking the container image and reviewing the **Vulnerabilities** tab.

{{< img src="security/vulnerabilities/container_images_2.png" alt="The Container Images tab highlighting vulnerabilities and container column sort feature" width="100%">}}

On the details explorer, you can also view impacted resources in CSM to gain better insights to your overall risk.

{{< img src="security/vulnerabilities/container_vulnerability.png" alt="The Container Images side panel details on the vulnerabilities tab" width="100%">}}

All vulnerabilities include a collection of links and references to websites or information sources that help you understand the context behind each vulnerability.

## Triage and remediate

> The [Vulnerability Explorer][1] also offers triaging options for detected vulnerabilities that enable you to change the status of a vulnerability, and assign it to individual members for remediation and tracking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Vulnerabilities Explorer][1] also offers triaging options for detected vulnerabilities that enable you to change the status of a vulnerability, and assign it to individual members for remediation and tracking.
```
